FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 

What is the offer? 
* 10% Cashback on Citibank Credit Cards . 

What is the offer duration? 
* 10th August, 2018 (00:00 hours) to 12th August, 2018 (23:59 hours). 

What other conditions should apply to avail the offer? 
* Minimum net cart value, i.e. total cart value of Eligible products, should be more than INR  4,999. 
* Maximum Cashback per card is INR  2,000. 
* Cashback will be credited latest by 12th November, 2018 

How do I check if a product is an eligible product? 
* Offer is applicable on select products across all categories. Please check if the offer is listed on product page, before making the purchase. 
* For complete list of exclusions, please refer to the detailed Terms and Conditions. 

Is the offer applicable on all Citi Transactions? 
*  This Offer is applicable on all Citi Credit Cards (including Credit EMI)  transactions except for transactions made using Citi Bank Corporate or Commercial cards. 
* Offer is NOT applicable on transactions made through Internet Banking. 

Will I get the offer if I pay using a Citi Credit Card via PhonePe? 
*No. This Offer will NOT apply on payments made from Citi Credit Card via PhonePe Payment option. 

Will I get the offer if I pay through Flipkart Gift Card partially? 
* Yes, you can avail the offer. In this case, offer will only apply on the amount paid through Citi Credit Card against the eligible product(s). Also, this amount should be equal to or more than Rs.4,999. 

Is there a limit on the number of transactions? 
* There is no limit on number of transactions. However, you can avail upto a maximum cashback of INR 2000 per card. 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

Preliminary 

1.   This offer (Offer) is being run by Citi Bank Limited (Citi Bank / Bank) on www.flipkart.com, Flipkart mobile app and Flipkart mobile site (collectively Platform), which Platform is owned and operated by Flipkart Internet Private Limited (Flipkart, We or Our). It is open to all residents of India holding a valid and current Citi Credit (Cardholder and Card). 
2.   By participating in the Offer (defined below), Cardholder agree to be bound by: 
a.    these terms and conditions (T&C); 
b.   the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and other relevant documentation including any modifications, alterations or updates thereof, that are published on the Platform; and 
c.   all applicable terms and conditions of Citi Bank. 

Offer Details 

1. The Offer will be valid from 10th August, 2018 (00:00 Hours) to 12th August , 2018 (23:59 Hours) (Offer Period). 
2. In terms of the Offer a Cardholder can avail 10% cashback per card, during the Offer Period per Card, on the purchase of select products sold on the Platform (Offer). You are requested to check the product page for Offer applicability. 
3. In order to avail the Offer, the minimum NCV or Net Cart Value must be Rs. 4,999 and the maximum cashback that can be availed per Card during the Offer Period is Rs. 2,000. NCV shall mean the total value of only the eligible product/s in the cart after all applicable discounts and exchange offer redemptions. 
4.   The offer is applicable across all categories, with the exclusion of the following products: 
       •	Flipkart Gift Vouchers 
       •	MakeMyTrip, Gaana+ and Hotstar Premium vouchers/subscriptions 
       •	Infant milk substitutes, feeding bottles or infant foods. 
       •     Samsung Galaxy Tab A 
       •     iFFALCON K2A, Android 138.71cm (55 inch) Ultra HD (4K) LED Smart TV  (55K2A) 
       •     Google Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL, Asus Zenfone 5Z and Redmi 5A mobiles 
       •     Purchase of Gold Coins 
       •     Flight bookings and Recharges. 
       •    Offer will not apply on any Samsung phones except 
              A   Samsung Galaxy On6 
              B   Samsung Galaxy On5 
             C	Samsung Galaxy J3 Pro 
             D    Samsung Galaxy On8 
             E    Samsung Galaxy On NXT 
             F    Samsung Galaxy  On Max 
             G   Samsung Galaxy J6 
            H   Samsung Galaxy J8 
5.   The Offer is NOT applicable on transactions made using Corporate & Commercial Card 
6.   In case partial payment is made through Flipkart Gift Card, Offer will apply only on the amount paid through the Card against the purchase of eligible products, provided such amount equals or exceeds Rs. 4999 

Other Terms and Conditions 

1. Add on cards will be treated as separate cards. 
2. The Offer is not applicable for Card on delivery transactions. 
3. The Offer is not applicable on Gift Wrap or premium delivery charges. 
4. The cashback amount cannot be transferred or assigned to any other person/customer. 
5. The Offer is not applicable on purchase of gift cards and gold coins on the Platform. 
6. In case partial payment is made through Flipkart gift card, Offer will be applicable only on the amount paid through the Card against purchase of Eligible Products, provided such amount equals or exceeds Rs. 4,999.00 
7. Cashback amount of the above Offer shall be credited in the Cardholders account by 12th November, 2018 on best effort basis. 
8. The Offer is also applicable on Credit EMI transactions on the Card and on such transactions the EMI Terms & Conditions will be applicable as mentioned at: https://www.online.citibank.co.in/card-offers/pdfs/EMI-TC.pdf 
9. In the event orders are fully cancelled (during & outside the Offer Periods), the corresponding cashback applicable on that order/transaction will not be granted. 
10. In the event orders are partially cancelled (during & outside the Offer Period) and if the total transaction amount falls below the minimum transaction amount i.e. Rs 4,999 for the Offer, cashback will not be granted. 
11. Citi is not making any commitment to make any offer beyond the Offer Period. 
12. The Offer is valid only if the Cardholders account continues to be in good standing and payment continues to reach Citibank before the payment due date. 
13. Neither Citi nor does Flipkart make any warranties or representation on the delivery, service, quality, quantity, merchantability, suitability or availability of the products or services included in the Offer. The sellers on the Platform shall be responsible for the same. 
14. Citi is NOT liable or responsible for any claim(s), dispute(s) regarding delivery, service, suitability, merchantability, availability, quantity or quality made available to the customers under the Offer on the products purchased/ services availed on the Platform (shortly referred as Claims). In reference to any Claims, it must be addressed in writing by the Customer to Flipkart or directly to the concerned seller and Citi shall not entertain any communication in this regard. Any query/ contention/ dispute raised by any customer to Citi with respect to the above shall be forwarded to Flipkart for resolution. 
15. Customers are not bound in any way to participate in the Offer. Any such participation is voluntary and the same is being made purely on a best effort basis. 
16. Citi holds the exclusive right at its sole discretion to refuse or deny the Offer to any Cardholder. The Cardholder shall become ineligible to participate in the Offer if his/her card is cancelled before the expiry of /during the Offer Periods. 
17. All applicable taxes, liabilities or charges payable to the Government or any other authority or body, if any, shall be borne directly by the Cardholder. 
18. If any Offer and/or anything to be done by Citi or Flipkart in respect of the Offer is prevented or delayed by causes, circumstances or events beyond the control of Citi or Flipkart, including but not limited to, tampering, unauthorized intervention, interception, fraud, technical failures, floods, fires, accidents, earthquakes, riots, explosions, wars, hostilities, acts of government, or other causes of like or similar or other  character beyond the control of Citi or Flipkart, then Citi and/ or Flipkart shall not be liable for the same to the extent so prevented or delayed, and will not be liable for any consequences and on occurrence of such event, the Offer may be withdrawn at the discretion of Citi. 
19. These T&C shall be governed by the laws of India. Any disputes arising out of and in connection with this program shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts in Bangalore only. 
20. Under no circumstance will the Offer/ cashback being offered be settled in cash. 
21. Citi and Flipkart reserve the right to, without prior notice and without assigning any reason whatsoever, add/alter/modify/change or vary all of these T&C or to replace, wholly or in part, the Offer by another offer, whether similar to the Offer or not, or to extend or withdraw it altogether. 
22. Citi shall not be held liable for any reason, including but not limited to any delay or loss that may be caused in delivery of the product/ services under the Offer. 
23. Citi or Flipkart shall also not be liable for any loss or damage whatsoever that may be suffered, or for any personal injury that may be suffered, to a customer, directly or indirectly, by use or non-use of products/ services under the Offer. 
24. The above Offer is by way of a special offer for select Cards only and nothing contained herein shall prejudice or affect the terms and conditions of the card member terms and conditions. The T&C shall be in addition to and not in derogation of the terms contained in the card member terms and conditions. Payment of fees/service charges/all other amounts due from the Customer to Citi from usage of credit cards by the Customer under the Offer and/ or otherwise will be governed by Citi Terms & Conditions, the Card member Terms and Conditions and the Most Important Terms & Conditions and the complete account terms and conditions may be viewed from the online portal http://www.citi.com/india. 
25. The Offer cannot be combined with any other offer and cannot be transferred or assigned to any other person/customer 
26. Any query regarding the Offer will be entertained till 15th December 2018. Post such date, Flipkart or Citibank will not entertain any correspondence or communication regarding the Offer from any customers/ persons. 

         .  


